Oh...
I think I can kind of look at you seriously.
So it's difficult now.
What?
Oh my gosh.
Yeah.
So, I'm like...
And I guess there's so much...
turmoil and so much like also like industrially, you know.
New things... New...
What more of the music that we hear now was from that time. Like
Like, you know, it's Scott Joplin. And so like, sort of more, it's all like...
19th, uh 20th century so, so, so.
So it's all from there and it's interesting.
There you can actually see how
Like we can experience how that music developed into what.
Just like I'm sure like, you know like Beethoven's time.
They were really experiencing like Mozart's music.
physical, because just now we can see how that
turn to art.
Hmmm. I'm , like think....
The one that comes tough is here I guess.
Is...
Like... like romantic music.
It's actually much easier.
You can relate to it a little bit more because it's so raw. The emotions are so... raw.
It start like uh 18th
Beethoven. Beethoven lately
Because he's I guess he's the one that's known as like a bridge classical
romantic. Beethoven is more
Classical. Yeah. And
So the romantic music it's also the harmonies are so much more like
expressive and like, yeah. It's...
Yeah. Of course.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
and like the rise of like the proletariat and like everyone.
Like, you know. They like, promoting themselves and
What that wasn't, which wasn't like accepted. And so people are like.
Trying to figure out new things to do, new ideas, new groups.
it's like... Yeah. That affected music a lot. There's also like
French bar music that's like
a small subdivision of like classical music or like the
Um...
Bohemians. Like there's like bohemian classical music.
It's kind of like a little like...
There's no like true meaning, it's just kind of like true music.
Yeah.
So, okay. The last one was Promenade.
PMP, Permanent Music Program.
That's in New York. Well, no.
It's, you know Long Island?
to the very tip of Long Island. It's a small little island called Shelter Island.
And...
That was like probably the best thing. Yeah, the...
Well, it is very um focused. Very um
very packed schedule everyday.
But it doesn't feel like it at all coz
something of PMP that's really special is that the
Community I guess it's just the people there are just
So like
Real nice.
Uh... The people at the camp is with you.
There's also only like 35 students.
Seven weeks. Yeah.
But even if we had seven weeks to like bond
By like day three, we're all... like... Because they really care about...
the...
When they're obviously taking auditions and deciding who gets to go they have they really see
their...
and the
Real person, like the person, not just their playing but also playing tells you a lot about the person.
a lot much more than you think, like, yeah.
and...
the Faculty are really good at finding those.
people who really are like who love music to like another level
Very much deeper.
They super
I don't know. And like all those people are
in one fight for seven weeks and this is like the best thing.
Never. No. Uh...
18 or 19, I guess. Um as long as you're 18 on the first day of camp.
You can turn 19 during the camp but
Yeah.
But you can apply when you're 18. Yeah.
And then youngest.
Hiya.